Poplar1: Add an implementation note about "updating" the prefix tree (#145)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf.md

#### Message Serialization

This section defines methods for serializing input shares, as required by the
`Vdaf` interface. Optional serialization of the aggregation parameter is also
specified below.

Implementation note: The aggregation parameter includes the level of the IDPF
tree and the sequence of indices to evaluate. For implementations that perform
per-report caching across executions of the VDAF, this may be more information
than is strictly needed. In particular, it may be sufficient to convey which

> indices from the previous execution will be included in the next. This would

Reviewer: Small clarification:
```suggestion
indices from the previous execution will have their children included in the next. This would
```

> next. This would hellp reduce communication overhead.

Reviewer: nit: typo
```suggestion
next. This would help reduce communication overhead.
```
